{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red249\green249\blue249;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red249\green249\blue249;\red38\green38\blue38;\red29\green29\blue29;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c20022\c20022\c19997;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c19912\c19912\c19912;\cssrgb\c98147\c98147\c98025;\cssrgb\c19934\c19934\c19909;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Class
\f1\b0 : MapGraph\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Modifications made to MapGraph (what and why):\

\f1\b0 \cb1 I added the constructPath method to keep my bfs method clean. The constructPath method works backwards from the goal along the path to the start.\
\

\f0\b \cb3 Class name: 
\f1\b0 MapNode\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Purpose and description of class:\

\f1\b0 \cb1 The MapNode class consists of a location, name, list of MapEdges, and list of neighbor MapNodes, and the methods associated with adding and accessing the data stored within.  This allowed me to represent a geographical location as a MapNode with associated neighbors and roads.\
\
\

\f0\b \cb3 Class name: 
\f1\b0 MapEdge\cb1 \

\f0\b \cb3 Purpose and description of class:\

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb5 The MapEdge class consists of a start and end location, distance between the two, and a road name and type.  The purpose is to represent the roads between MapNodes (geographic points) on the map.\cf2 \cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Overall Design Justification (4-6 sentences):
\f1\b0 \cf6 \cb7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb5 Since we were dealing with a map that had geographical locations and roads between those locations, it seemed appropriate to create MapNodes and MapEdges to represent those two aspects of the map.  Those two classes combined, provide the functionality necessary to facilitate BFS.  
\f2 \cf9 \cb1 This configuration also kept the MapGraph class relatively light.  
\f1 \cf8 \cb5 Hopefully, this design is also extensible and supports the future algorithms in this project.}